hi everyone um my name is Chris and I
wanted to show you guys the difference
between Laneige light and medium if
you've never heard of this brand it's a
Korean brand it's a BB cushion with SPF
50 and it says here that it protects
covers hydrate soothes and brightens so
if you like that dewey dewey glowy look
this would be perfect for you
they sell this a target I got it online
you don't have it at my local target and
if you're curious is it what it this is
what it looks like so it's a compact
it's got a sponge and if you open it
there's a cushion that holds the
foundation underneath and I wanted to
show you guys the difference on my
complexion let's start with what is this
one the light I'm normally NC 25 NZ 30
with Mac if that gets you an idea um I
have very light skin tone neck down as
opposed to my face which is just
naturally darker I have some
pigmentation and some darkness you just
want to tap it so
and you really just want to Pat it you
don't want to put too much in one place
so that's the light and I'm going to
show you what the medium looks like now
there are three shades available from
Target light medium and dark and there
is a significant difference between
light and medium
I always forget to put two fingers into
the band
and it closed it really tightly so that
the foundation isn't dried out so can
you tell the difference this one is the
medium this one is the light
this is the medium see the color and
this one is delight if you have any
feedback or questions just comment by